Dr. Graham instructed me to make a practice help request after trying to save my file by: "Right-click[ing] on any folder on [my] computer except the one(s) [I] created in the github exercise, and open a command prompt or a terminal there. Imagine [he] told [me] to commit [my] changes, like so: git commit -m "this is just a test"." Initially I was highly confused by each part of this, not knowing what a command prompt or terminal is.
I googled how to open a command box and this popped up explaining how to open a command box, so it is what I did, despite the fact that I am still concerned it is not what Dr. Graham wanted me to do: https://www.howtogeek.com/235101/10-ways-to-open-the-command-prompt-in-windows-10/ 
After entering the message in this box there was an error code of some sort that popped up, again I am unsure whether I am actually following the instructions properly. When I realized this may be the point of the exercise (considering that I could go no further), I wanted to take a screenshot to show what it popped up as; however, upon trying to put the screenshot here and failing, I am once again given to questioning whether I should be writing this message here. (There was also a long detour as I googled and discovered how to take a screenshot on my computer at all). 
Now I am considering that based on Dr. Graham's initial instructions he seems to have wanted me to somehow make this message in a different way, or else I am failing to understand how to add links and pictures to this file properly. What I was supposed to expect from this process was that my file would save, but instead the box gave me an error code. I will now explore other possible ways of displaying this message that would allow me to add a photo, therefore increasing my confidence in the completion of the exercise. P.S. I would have liked to finish this exercise on time and joined the discord group to see if I did it correctly but my laptop was having issues, I am now very concerned that I have fallen woefully behind and will not catch up in order to understand this week's exercise. I also do not know that anyone will be reading this at all, I oficially need to email Dr. Graham for clarification/support. 
